
Tips:

1. Don't forget  switch to Deferred rendering path in Edit->Project->Graphics.
Especially when you are importing an complete package (UFPS ...)into current project, you should do following settings again for next gen platforms:
*. Deffered rendering
*. Quality settings
*. Graphic API in player settings set it to DX11+
*. Select camera and activate HDR and deactivate Allow MSAA

note : DX9 doesn't support HDR eye adaption effect

2. Linear color space is used in all next gen games (UE,Frostbite,...)
Gamma space quality is not bad but you may need to change scene brightness again when you are in Gamma space.
My default color space for Lighting Box settings is Linear (You can switch quickly in Lighting Box)

3. WebGL platform doesn't support Eye adaption. Also doesn't support Linear color space

4. I always using Very-Low parameters to bake lighting with enlighten. Don't worry about quality. All settings quality are same between High and low
For bake mode with Progressive Lightmapper(PLM), you can use highest setting. Don't forget to follow my you tube channel
about how to baking nature scenes with PLM. You need different lighting parameters for different  objects.
Also don't forget to change terrain object lightmap parameters manually. It does't update automatically and always is Very-Low by default   


5..This asset originally is made for Frostbite style lighting for outdoor scenes and for next gen platforms. For Interior scene 
i will create a new one that's available in the future in Interior Lighting Kit (maybe)
Also another one for Mobile platforms will be available   soon (maybe)   

6. My default settings are for maximum quality. My target was 30-60 fps on gtx 960 in 1080p resolution
You can watch my optimization video on youtube for maximum quality per performance    

7. The best way to create next-gen assets (specialy characters and rocks)  is Photogrammetry (Unreal kite demo, Battlefield and all frostbite games and ...)
 You can easily make your photorealistic character models using a Iphone 5s and Agisoft Photoscan software. 
 Watch my video on youtube to find how to quickly make model in few hours   

 8. You can use mixamo auto rigger to rig quickly your scanned models : https://www.mixamo.com

 9. Always use a mid-range GPU to test optimizations:
 low-end : ~ GTX 550ti (near to xbox one) or AMD 7770 (same as Xbox one) (720p)
 mid-range : GTX 960 (about 1.5 Ps4 power) ot 7850 (same as PS4) (1080p)
 high-end : ... (4K)   

 10.Don't worry about unity performance .These are all rumors.These are all Crap. Unity is fastest game engine on the world. 
 Just compare editor speed, shader compile speed, build speed, import export speed, low-end device support, gamma color space support and ... with other engines

