


1. Select Post Processing profile and follow below steps:
* Set Ambient Occlusion to Lowest for best performance. Quality will be good.
* Disable Screen Space Reflections for outdoor scenes
* If you want to use SSR, you can set it to Low quality with 2x more fps compare to high mode


2. Go to Edit->Project Settings and set shadow quality to lower levels based on your quality needs

3. Always use Occlusion Culling. Window->Occlusion Culling and press Bake (Don't forget to set your scene models as OC static)

4. Go to Edit->Graphics and set Realtime GI CPU Usage to low

5. Always use LOD system for models.Specially for trees and grass

6. If you don't need special effects , so always use Standard shader for materials (best compability,best performance)

7. Always use 2d grass in terrain system instead of 3d grass models (for example speed tree 3d grass models is not good)
Unity terrain  grass system is a lot more optimized and has more realistic look

8. You can use Per-Layer Camera Clipping to hide small objects in far distances. It's one of the best solutions to optimize game .
I already used that for mobile platforms with great performance improvement results
https://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/en/#!/content/35100

9. You can increase terrain pixel error to optimize terrain geometry on far distances (find it in terrain settings tab)

10. Reducing resolution is always the best and fastest solution to optimize game performance.
For example a game can be run in 900P on xbox one and 1080P on ps4. but ps4 gpu is 50% more powerful than xbox one gpu

11. Linear color space is the target color space for my package. It's used in almost all next gen games and game engines
Also you can switch to Gamma color space for higher performance if you needs.
After that, you should reduce post effects brightness in post processing stack's profiles.Also you should rebuild lighting

12. The most important part of the Quality settings is the shadow quality.
if you needs higher performance, just reduce shadow quality from high to medium or low preset